Update roadmap for v1.0 (#164)
zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr: README.md

### Development Status and Roadmap

> VirtualiZarr version 1 focused on (mostly) achieving feature parity with kerchunk, providing an easier way to manipulate kerchunk references in memory and generate kerchunk reference files on disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VirtualiZarr version 1 achieves feature parity with kerchunk, providing an easier way to manipulate kerchunk references in memory and generate kerchunk reference files on disk.
```

What features are you referring to you here when you say "achieves feature parity with kerchunk"? I see VirtualiZarr version 1's value is providing typed interfaces to chunk references, which are not present in kerchunk, and those interfaces are more flexible than the kerchunk reference store. But most of the "features" are still kerchunk under the hood, right? Maybe that's what you mean by parity?

Author: I have [this table in the docs](https://virtualizarr.readthedocs.io/en/latest/faq.html#how-do-virtualizarr-and-kerchunk-compare) to track all the features. I should link to that here.

"(mostly) achieves feature parity" is obviously very arbitrary, but for me the most important part was to be able to open a typical netcdf file (i.e. with time encoding), concatenate using xarray, save to kerchunk refs, and roundtrip.

Perhaps it would be clearer (and more charitable) to say "(mostly) achieves feature parity with kerchunk's logic for combining datasets".

> But most of the "features" are still kerchunk under the hood

I'm not sure I would say "most", but yes. To completely decouple from kerchunk all we need now are Sean's PR and upstreaming the zarr chunk manifest stuff.

> There is still work to do there, but with an MVP mostly established, future VirtualiZarr development will move beyond that to focus on generalizing and upstreaming useful concepts into the Zarr specification, the Zarr-Python library, Xarray, and possibly some new packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future VirtualiZarr development will focus on generalizing and upstreaming useful concepts into the Zarr specification, the Zarr-Python library, Xarray, and possibly some new packages.
```
